html/home/readme.md, before:

# GuruLab Phase 2

## Home Page

**Purpose:** A landing page that redirects users into pages for further reading and CTA fulfilment.

**Overall To-Dos**
- Link all CTAs

**Overall Improvements**
- Better colour management
- Could use gradients to highlight crucial sections

---

### Landing Section
- **[Fully Implemented]** Book free consultation pop-up
- **[Fully Implemented]** Link pop-up submissions to Google Sheet
- **[To Do]** Display hero illustration

### Personalisation Section
- **[Fully Implemented]** Row of cards displayed on desktop
- **[Fully Implemented]** Shown as single-card carousel on mobile

### Testimonials Section
- **[Fully Implemented]** JavaScript text replacement on page navigation
- **[Future Improvements]** Swipe to navigate
- **[Future Improvements]** Reduce text if possible

### Programmes Section
- **[Fully Implemented]** JavaScript text replacement on page navigation
- **[To Do]** Adjust design of section, make it look less jagged and packed with information
- **[Future Improvements]** Reduce text if possible

### As Featured In Section
- **[Fully Implemented]** SlickSlider carousel on desktop
- **[Fully Implemented]** Section completely hidden on mobile
- **[To Do]** Fix buggy behavior on small desktop screens

Commit message:

Add GuruLab button component and technical documentation

html/home/readme.md, after:

# GuruLab Phase 2

Please refer to [Component Documentation]() for component styling and usage.

---

## Home Page

**Purpose:** A landing page that redirects users into pages for further reading and CTA fulfilment.

**Overall To-Dos**
- Link all CTAs

**Overall Improvements**
- Better colour management
- Could use gradients to highlight crucial sections

---

### Landing Section
- **[Fully Implemented]** Book free consultation pop-up
- **[Fully Implemented]** Link pop-up submissions to Google Sheet
- **[To Do]** Display hero illustration

### Personalisation Section
- **[Fully Implemented]** Row of cards displayed on desktop
- **[Fully Implemented]** Shown as single-card carousel on mobile

### Testimonials Section
- **[Fully Implemented]** JavaScript text replacement on page navigation
- **[Future Improvements]** Swipe to navigate
- **[Future Improvements]** Reduce text if possible

### Programmes Section
- **[Fully Implemented]** JavaScript text replacement on page navigation
- **[To Do]** Adjust design of section, make it look less jagged and packed with information
- **[Future Improvements]** Reduce text if possible

### As Featured In Section
- **[Fully Implemented]** SlickSlider carousel on desktop
- **[Fully Implemented]** Section completely hidden on mobile
- **[To Do]** Fix buggy behavior on small desktop screens
